% Vaibhav Sagar


## Contact ##

-------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Phone    +61425059241

Address  8 Bauhinia Street, O'Connor ACT 2602

Email    <vaibhavsagar@gmail.com>

LinkedIn <http://au.linkedin.com/in/vaibhavsagar>
-------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------


## Objective ##

Realise the potential of information technology to improve lives and bottom
lines.

## Education ##

B. Economics/B. IT (Software Development), Australian National University,
Class of 2013.

## Experience ##

### Agile Digital ###

*Junior Software Developer* (April--September 2014): Developed a web
application for finding affordable housing in Canberra using AngularJS and
Bootstrap and the front end of a native iOS application for user generated
films using Objective-C. Also contributed to other projects using Scala.

### CSIRO ###

*Vacation Scholar* (November 2013--February 2014) and *Volunteer Fellow*
(February--June 2014): Developed RESTful APIs for Semantic Web research using
Flask, RDFLib, ZeroMQ, etc.

### ANU College of Engineering and Computer Science ###

*Tutor* (February--June 2012 and 2014) for COMP1100 Introduction to Programming
and Algorithms: Ran tutorials using Haskell to teach computer science concepts
with an emphasis on functional programming.

*Student Ambassador* (March--November 2013): Represented the College for
various recruitment events and activities and spoke to prospective students
about living in Canberra and studying at the ANU. Ran labs in Processing for
high schoolers as an introduction to programming.

### John XXIII College ###

*IT Consultant* (2011), *IT Administrator* (2012), and *Senior IT Consultant*
(2013): Performed maintenance of computers, networks, and printers at College
and provided technical support to residents. Led the IT team. Eventually
oversaw the transition to an external IT service provider.

### Deloitte & Touche Consulting India Private Limited ###

*Intern* (December 2011--January 2012): Supported an IT audit team by working
with documentation.

\pagebreak


## Extracurriculars ##

ANU CECS SRC Third Year Representative, 2013.

CECS Academic Mentor, John XXIII College, 2012-2013.

ANUSA CECS Faculty Representative, 2012.

CECS Faculty Head, John XXIII College, 2011.


## Awards ##

Thomas Hegarty Scholarship, John XXIII College - Best Performing Resident in
2010.

Best Performing First Year Resident in 2010, John XXIII College.

ANU College of Engineering and Computer Science Dean's List 2010.


## Skills ##

### Software Development ###

I have worked on a single-page web application using
HTML/CSS(Bootstrap)/JS(AngularJS), a native iOS application using Objective-C,
and web software in Python and Java using Flask, Requests, RDFLib, and ZeroMQ.
I have helped first-year undergraduates learn Haskell and have some familiarity
with functional programming concepts.

I am comfortable with the Eclipse, WebStorm, and Xcode IDEs and the Vim text
editor. For version control, I am most familiar with Git. For project
management, testing and code review, I have used the Atlassian suite of
products (Bamboo, Confluence, JIRA, and Stash) as well as Jenkins and Gerrit.

### Systems Administration ###

I have resolved technical issues related to desktop and laptop computers,
printers, and networks. I also have experience with Active Directory and
Exchange administration.

### Languages ###

I speak Bahasa Indonesia at an intermediate level and Hindi at an advanced
level.
